The Beginning...
  My music journey started when I was 9 years old. 
  I was exposed to guitar by my Uncle Mark. 
  He showed me a new video game that would teach you how to play guitar. 
  The game was called Rocksmith. It is essentially Guitar Hero except you 
  plug a real guitar into your console and it will judge how accurately you 
  play and offer advice on how to improve. I clearly remember playing this game at
  his house and enjoying the challenge of the game while playing a real guitar.
  The song that I played that day and the song that got me into playing guitar was
  "American Idiot" by Green Day. After this day I was sure I wanted to learn 
  to play guitar.

Getting Started
  I ordered my first guitar on June 4, 2016 and got it two days later on June 6
  along with a copy of Rocksmith 2014. I was completely addicted. 
  The gamification of Rocksmith helped me practice often and I started
  improving rapidly. I would continue learning to play through Rocksmith 
  and YouTube for roughly the next two years.

First Performance
  The first solo that I learned how to play was 
  "Nothing Else Matters" by Metallica. I performed it at my brother's 8th grade 
  graduation party. This was the first time I really performed in front of a crowd.

  My biggest influences at the start of my playing career were
  Rush, Metallica, and Jimi Hendrix.

Influential Songs
	China Grove by The Doobie Brothers
	  I would play this song with jeff and I was so impressed that he had the muscle
	  memory to grab chords so quickly.
	Smoke On The Water by Deep Purple
	  I remember going through many songs on Rocksmith and my dad pointed out this
	  song. I thought it was dumb at first but when he got home from work that night,
	  he heard me playing that main riff from downstairs.
	My Generation by The Who
	  This was one of the first songs I really learned well. 
	Wish You Were Here by Pink Floyd
	  This was the song I played in front of my first real crowd of strangers.
	  It is also the only song I have performed in a foreign country.

Influential People
  There were many people that were crucial in supporting my musical journey. 
  My immediate family was always supportive and loved seeing and hearing my 
  progress blasting throughout the house. My mom, dad, and brother all supported me in
  each step of the learning process. One of the most influential person
  in my music career has been my Uncle Mark. Not only was he the one that introduced
  me to guitar, but he has also been extremely generous in lending me guitars, amps,
  and other equipment. I would never be at the point I am at with guitar, or, maybe
  not even playing guitar without the influence of my Uncle Mark. Another important
  person was my neighbor and family friend Mr. Jeff P. Since he was a neighbor and close friend of my family, he was around a lot and gave me lots of playing advice.
  My greatest supporter has been my father. He helped guide me by introducing me
  to new music and would always be willing to drive me to guitar center or listen to me
  play guitar.


Starting Lessons
  After being self-taught for nearly two years, I decided to join School Of Rock.
  I joined a performance and lesson program where the school schedules shows, 
  picks songs, teaches those songs to the students, etc.
  The theme of the first show was Cheap Trick vs Aerosmith. 
  I had my first lesson on April 23, 2016 where I learned "Auf Wiedersehen" by
  Trick. I practiced my songs for a few months and played my first full concert
  on September 18, 2016 at Reggie's in Chicago. My next show was a week after that
  at Basecamp Pub & Eatery in Lisle on the 25th.
  The next shows that I played were:
	--- PUT THESE IN ORDER ---
	Glam Rock
	Led Zeppelin
	Riot Fest
	The Who
	Pink Floyd
	British Invasion
	The Beatles

	Final show was Rush

   

